** Short term TODO list

Pauls requests
Fix tabbing around ref card - across playing and then down players in same team
Make search work on surnames - typing letters searches not just on prefix but any part of name

Make sure names are not used to determine 1st/2nd team



Make fixtures, league table, ref cards available as JSON for other people to access and add to their websites ??
Would make conversion to proper UI/data seperation easier.

dev_team on LeagueTable needs to be set at some point from the owning team. Should
make this a calculated field

Scorecard checking - include duplicate player check and missing sub information.

Possible problem with display of status colour on 'pie table'. Lots of confusion in my mind about what the numbers
mean - need a single place where the mapping of status number to SERL, 1st, 2nd and None are.

SERL matches - not enough lines in sub section 

Make sure handling 'ignore for status' correctly and in the best way

Need to rearchitect to split on server with REST API between backend and presentation component on server.

Make sure code excludes walkovers (etc?) from status calculations

Need to make it clear in spec that we need to have static pages so we can take snapshots however use of 'dynamic' web pages (ie using backbone) can be done for Admin pages.

Make it obvious on upload page that scorecard is invalid / don't provide 'approve' link

Half time score of 0 appears as empty string - score appears as '-12' for example.

Loading of score card involving dev team and finding team name

Prevent double approves

Code a better way of determining if match has been played.

Status Tie - Provide page for these; make it easier to add from status page.

Put in a check to stop double approval
Put in some integrity checks 

On the 'approve' page fix so that new status/player check works and approve button is enabled

Add script to do extract, copy to atwiss, put into archive directory and git commit

Can I scrape from email4groups?

Put pro-forma 'illegal' team email into system

Think about adding more methods to models in appropriate way; restructure.

Extractor script needs to flag GET that fail

Handle the rare occasion when a subbed-off is allowed back on with agreement of sides (but still trap errounous double match entries for players)

** Long Term
Get scorecard submission through this server to work.
Clone repo on CKA server.
Stand up server on CKA machine.
Everything now happens on this server
wget will take snapshot for public pages

If more detailed development is required, then need to sync repo on my machine.
?? What about interaction with FL - can this be done on CKA server?
