Fixtures changes
Send email to fixtures, results, howard
Home, away, reffing club - get from club record. Should there be more than one?

-------------------------------------------
to Howard
Can you clarify who is to receive these notifications and what the expected action is.

1. Notification from a club that a fixture needs to be changed. This can
then be highlighted in the fixtures list so players and referees don't
turn up for matches which aren't happening.
2. Notification from the home club that a fixture change has been agreed.

Cheers
Howard Laffling <hjlaffling@sky.com>
	
13/11/2016
	
to me
They should go to the Fixtures Officer, but of course that post is
vacant at the moment. It might be a good idea to copy the Results
Officer too in case the Fixtures Officer is away, especially for 1.

At present I think they should go to you and me. I'll try and do the
changes to the fixtures list in the short term. A shared online
spreadsheet would be useful.

If we had web forms, then 1 and 2 could also copy the home, away and
refereeing club (need single points of contact - we could use
cambskorfball email addresses e.g. tigers_fixtures@cambskorfball.co.uk
to make things easier to manage, or an email group).

The actions for 1. and 2. are updates to the fixtures list.

I'd be interested If you've suggestions for people who might be
approached to be fixtures officer. I've not got a magic wand can't fix
the fixtures issues without help, assistance and cooperation from others.

By the way, I was thinking it might be helpful to split the 'notes' part
of the web scorecard into 2 : 'public match commentary' and 'private
notes'. The former is extra information about the match e.g. lots of
missed penalties, close until the last 5 minutes etc. and the latter for
things like cards, behaviour comments etc.
Mark Wassell <mpwassell@gmail.com>
	
13/11/2016
	
to Howard
Hi,

How about for this for the way the forms would be accessed, look and work:

User accesses a page with the list of fixtures that haven't been played (defined as those fixtures without results). Alongside each fixture are two buttons 'Change Pending'   and 'Change Approved'.

Change Pending Form
Refilled with fixture details - teams, time, ref club and venue.
Fields to fill in:
Reason for change
Club, Name and email of person making the change.

On clicking the 'Submit' button an email is sent to: Fixtures officer, results officer, home and away club contacts, referee club contact and CCed person who submitted the form.
Request is logged.
Results officer checks request and processes it - fixture moved to 31st May and flagged as 'Change Pending'.

Change Approved is similar except:
Pickers available to change time, date and venue or the fixture.
Emails sent to same people as above.
Results officer checks request and processes it - fixture moved to indicated time and flagged as 'Change Approved'